Hello
we are dealing with a black man
book reader
one traktor
reader also bmp3
the image viewer
it is a product
Street
low end
is a first approach alberto of professional internet bookers let's say
its constancy price
affordable
and also the packaging% reflects criteria
quite
movie
economic and ecological
the back of the package rh some more information
tells us for example that the display is not expected
d 7 inches
that
we have 2 gigabytes of internal memory
that we change the orientation sensor we have
integrated speaker
and also an earphone jack
we have a battery
to polymers
integrated for more than 8 hours of relaxation on the court
and over 40 hours of listening to music
to avoid any misunderstanding, open the package and immediately come to the door
google women
virile written card
let's try to light this button down on the right
the welcome screen
the commands are
down
battery light that recharges
ikea new command books indicate the configuration
it can be done on this
visual equipment
what can be changed
we see it easily enough
the second button concerns the page enlargement the button
central to different scrolling functions
of texts in the list or even in the pages
of the tin
book that is holding up
function
once the page is loaded, it is also performed
from the edges
that allow discussion
forward
or
back
next killer button
and to listen
the audio that I mentally are
available
the return button
we have then
just look
the connections we have the connector for the alpha headphone
a headset was provided
headset works provided
common
the appliance as we have also
the connector a star
which serves both to recharge
facebook that was was for
log into
from the computer
to the subject
we have
power
the button as we have seen switching on and off
we have the possibility to increase the internal memory
with me
Now
sd up to 4 gig
we look like this button below
the card is not recognized
and load the index of books
fitting in force are also provided
withdrawals download directly from the site for this